I don't watch a lot of TV. I don't watch Game of Thrones or Walking Dead or many of the TV shows that are usually at the top of the popular zeitgeist. Instead, my daily entertainment is usually filled with YouTube videos and on-demand shows from Hulu or Netflix. In almost all respects, I am the perfect candidate to cut the cord. There was only one thing holding me back: baseball. I am a huge San Francisco Giants fan and I have a deep desire to watch games live. With the arrival of YouTube TV (and a few other services) I am now, at long last, finally free.

It's not like I haven't tried to get out from under cable's clutches before. I signed up for MLB.TV (and downloaded the At Bat app) a few years ago, thinking I would be able to watch baseball games on the go. But unfortunately, Major League Baseball black out restrictions meant that I couldn't watch local games live. Sure, I could hook up to a VPN and watch it that way, but I couldn't figure how to have that work on all the devices in our house (We have three computers, two phones and a Roku). Sticking to cable was just easier.

Last week, however, things changed. When I heard Congress voted to roll back regulations that would prevent ISPs from selling your browser history, I decided to finally end my 20+ year affair with Comcast's Xfinity. I was already uncomfortable with the company due to its data caps and reports that it was throttling bandwidth. Plus, my monthly fees had recently gone up and I couldn't work out a way to get a cheaper rate despite multiple calls to customer service. And even though Comcast had said it wasn't going to sell customers' browser history, it still uses "non-personally identifiable information" from internet and cable TV packages and you have to opt out of targeted ads. I was done.



I decided to switch to Sonic, a small local ISP that made a public statement urging Congress to preserve the FCC's Broadband Privacy Rules prior to the vote. Sonic's also one of a few ISPs that is highly recommended by the Electronic Frontier Foundation for its defense of user rights. DSL still isn't as fast as cable in my neighborhood, but I didn't care -- I'll take the speed hit just to get away from Comcast.

But that doesn't solve the TV problem. As I said, I really want to watch local baseball live. We thought of going with Dish, because that would give me pretty much the same TV package that Comcast did. But the idea of a two-year contract didn't sit right with me, plus the monthly bill would end up costing more anyway. I felt like I was stuck. Maybe I don't need to watch baseball live. Maybe I could go without it. The thought hurt my heart, but maybe it wouldn't be so bad. I could still listen to the games on the radio, right?

Two days ago, my husband sent me a text that read "Hmm. YouTube TV has NBC Sports Bay Area" (That's the local channel that airs Giants games). I was intrigued. So I signed up for a 30-day trial and to my delight, he was right. Not only that, but with YouTube TV, you can actually select your favorite team and add it to your library. This means that it'll automatically record every single game your team plays, in perpetuity, regardless of channel or time. So if the Giants game is on, say, ESPN instead of NBC, it'll still automatically record it. What's more, with YouTube TV's unlimited DVR (up to nine months anyway), I wouldn't have to worry about storage space. I was over the moon. This could finally be the solution that I was looking for.



In order to do due diligence, I looked at the other cord-cutter packages on the market. I was pleasantly surprised to see that both Sling TV and Playstation Vue offered regional sports too, so we signed up for trials for both. I was disappointed to find that Sling TV wouldn't let me rewind or pause live TV, and recording games on Playstation Vue isn't as easy. With PS Vue, I can't just follow a team like I can do with YouTube; I still had to know which channel and what time the game will be on in order to record it. It really looked like YouTube TV would be best for my needs.

Yet, it's not perfect. YouTube TV doesn't have Turner networks, which means I would miss out on games that aired on TBS and TNT. So we decided to supplement YouTube TV with another cord-cutter service. Since Sling's Orange package is just $20 a month (versus PlayStation Vue's $40 a month), we decided to go with that. Altogether (YouTube TV and Sling), that would be just $55 a month, which is a bargain compared to most cable and satellite packages.



Yes, YouTube only has a handful of channels and Sling's DVR feature isn't up and running just yet, but this slim combo was enough for me to cut the cord after two decades of cable dependence. And who knows, even this might change. YouTube could very well add Turner networks in the future. Hulu's upcoming live TV service might have regional sports as well, which could be even better than what YouTube is offering. The beauty is that now, I can switch services any time I want because I am no longer tied down by any one company.

The idea of cord-cutting has always appealed to me, but there was never a package that seemed right. YouTube probably didn't have sports fans front and center when it planned its service, but it delivers a solution that is probably of interest to them anyway. At least for people like me. So, it's official. I'm a cord-cutter. And I have YouTube to thank for showing me the way.

King, the developer behind Candy Crush Saga, is working on a Call of Duty game for mobile. Describing the project as part of a job listing for the company's Stockholm studio, King said it will "strive to transform the best console experience fans know and love, while also breaking new ground for mobile and redefining the genre."

Call of Duty-owner Activision Blizzard bought King for just under $6 billion in 2015, but since the acquisition the developer has continued to focus mostly on its free-to-play Saga games. The new project will mark the first time King works on an Activision property, and, if successful, it could open the door for future mobile tie-ins for the company's other famous franchises like Destiny and Overwatch.

Virtually nothing is known about the game -- not genre, not release window, not platforms. What we do know is that, while King says it's "collaborating on this project" with its parent company, it also says that it'll be responsible for "prototyping extensively," adding that staff "have the freedom to think outside the box," and will "be encouraged to stretch their expertise in ways to create surprising results," suggesting that it's King that will lead development.

Before the Harry Potter series, J.K. Rowling was clinically depressed.
In the early 1990s, she returned to the U.K. to settle down in Scotland near her sister. A three-year stint in Portugal had led to a short, unhappy marriage, and she left the country as a single mother of a newborn child.
Rowling spent the next few years struggling to meet ends.
“I was jobless, a lone parent, and as poor as it is possible to be in modern Britain, without being homeless,” she said in her commencement speech at Harvard.
During this period, her depression took a dark turn, and she considered herself a failure. She had fallen and felt stuck. She even contemplated suicide.
Luckily, she found it in her to seek help, and writing became an outlet.
The idea for the Harry Potter series had come to her years before on a train ride from Manchester to London. She had worked on a few chapters in Portugal, but she only really found her momentum back in the U.K.
Rowling finished the first two books while still on welfare benefits. The dementors introduced in the third book were inspired by her mental illness.
The whole world now knows the story of The Boy Who Lived, but not many people know the struggle behind his creation. It holds a very practical lesson.
Seemingly definitive failures can often be debilitating. They break many, but J.K. Rowling’s story provides a rich narrative for how this kind of failure can be made temporary with the right approach. Let’s take a look.
Rock-Bottom is a Foundation, Not a Conclusion
A consequence of a psychological rock-bottom is that we cease to recognize opportunities. We get so caught up in defeat that we don’t sense when another road might be opening up. We see our situation as a conclusion.
In reality, that’s not really where it ends. The act of falling to the ground comes with a strange and unintended side-effect. Liberation. With nothing more to lose, we have a foundation and this foundation limits downside.
With the onset of her depression and the lack of visible opportunity, Rowling treated her rock-bottom as a conclusion, and the feeling that accompanied her failure was acceptance. She believed in the story she told herself.
That began to change after her visit to seek help. With time, she realized that though her situation was what it was, it could also be more. With defeat behind her, she was left with great upside potential and little downside risk.
In a state of definitive failure, we don’t have to worry about what other people think, or face any more pain than we’re already in.
We can focus our attention with more deliberation and less hesitancy. With a platform below us, we can move with more clarity and more confidence. With less risk, we have the incentive to chase the reward more aggressively.
It’s not easy to think like this when we feel at our lowest. Feelings of inadequacy don’t go away because we want them to, and that’s okay. You just have to accept that you can either stay where you are, or decide to be more.
Less is Generally Not a Bad Thing
Failure can place limitations on our means by stressing our resources.
If you’re a business owner and you’re dealing with low demand, you might be faced with a need for a new source of income. And until you’re able to readjust, you may even have to downsize. It’ll force you to live with less.
In most developed countries, we live in societies of abundance, and after a while of getting used to that abundance, it can be easy to fall into the trap of thinking that less is bad. It’s actually often the opposite of that.
The more we have and the more we have going on, the more complicated our life is. There’s more noise, and there’s less focus. It can be paralyzing.
Barry Schwartz has analyzed much of the research on the topic. In The Paradox of Choice, he explains how backward our thinking on the concept is.
He points out that although modern culture is obsessed with the freedom of choice, more choice in isn’t a good thing. Research has consistently shown that the more we have to choose from, the less likely we are to do things.
Limitations Can Fuel Work and Resourcefulness
When Rowling returned to the U.K., without a job or the ability to accumulate, she produced far more in the next few years than she had in the years leading up to her new life.
She attributes this to the routine guided by the simplicity of her life. There wasn’t much she could do, so she would pretty much just get up in the morning and go to a cafe. Her daughter would sleep, and she would write.
Such limitations also drive resourcefulness. When we have more, we follow existing patterns built into our environment. We have less of an incentive to look beyond what’s immediately accessible and how it’s presented.
That isn’t the case with less. If you want to keep moving, you have to think outside of the box. You’re pushed to be creative, and that sparks inspiration.
Failure often simplifies, and it eliminates. It removes any excess noise, and though these limitations may initially appear as hurdles, if you use them right, they actually free you to better stimulate momentum.